I'm Sarah Melhuish. I'm Marketing Manager here at the world of Beatrix Potter Attraction and the Old Laundry Theatre.
The World of Beatrix Potter is a beautiful, enchanting walk through exhibition of Beatrix Potter's 23 tales.
So you really feel like you're walking through
the pages of her books
with sights, sounds, and even some smells of the farmyard
or Mrs Tiggywinkles washing.
Sustainability is a really key part of our ethos here at the attraction
and the Old Laundry Theatre.
It's the strand that goes through
everything we do here,
and it's also carrying on the legacy of Beatrix Potter, who wanted
to protect the Lake District and the environment.
We wanted to find a much more sustainable solution
to our theatre lighting
so this year we've changed all our theatre lighting to LED lights, which are much more energy efficient.
My name is Andrew and I am the in-house technician for the
Old Laundry Theatre.
We swapped over to LED lighting because we
were on Tungsten Halogen,
which is quite an old technology and it's quite
wasteful in terms of energy.
With our old setup, we were burning the equivalent
of 25 electric kettles.
With this one, we are actually down to three. So we have
reduced our energy footprint by 88%.
I'm Tim Wright.
I work in the garden.
So I've been here now for 13 years,
and in all that time,
we've been as sustainable and environmentally
friendly as we can.
Six years ago, we bought
an electric van.
We charge it from photovoltaic cells
that we have on the roof.
We have organic seed that we grow.
We cut it, we take it down,
it can be used within the hour from being cut here to being on somebody's plate at the attraction.
Small steps, but something
that we can all do.
Our relationship manager at Barclays
really does get our business
and so it's been a great part of our
sustainability journey.
We're really happy with our
sustainable solutions here.
I think it's everyone's social responsibility to do as much as we can
to try and protect our planet as we go forward,
so we would really encourage other businesses to try and
do as much as they can too.